Non-uk-link-WCAG-changes (#4274)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/non-uk-teachers/teach-in-england-if-you-trained-overseas.md

You’ll earn a [competitive salary](/life-as-a-teacher/pay-and-benefits/teacher-pay), get supported in your professional development and have varied job opportunities.

To find out about teaching in other areas of the UK, visit the:

* [Educator Wales website](https://www.ewc.wales/site/index.php/en/registration/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=12&Itemid=170&lang=en)
* [Teach in Scotland website](https://teachinscotland.scot/)
* [Northern Ireland Department for Education website](https://www.education-ni.gov.uk/articles/initial-teacher-education-courses-northern-ireland)

Not qualified as a teacher yet? Find out [how to train to teach in England as a non-UK citizen](/non-uk-teachers/train-to-teach-in-england-as-an-international-student). 

If you do not want to come to England to train, you should consider [international qualified teacher status (iQTS)](/non-uk-teachers/international-qualified-teacher-status), which leads to the automatic award of English qualified teacher status. 

## What you'll need to teach in England

If you are already a qualified teacher, you do not need to retrain to teach in England. However, you will need:

> * to apply for English qualified teacher status, or be able to demonstrate strong non-UK qualifications and experience 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* to apply for English qualified teacher status (QTS), or be able to demonstrate strong non-UK qualifications and experience 
```

You’ll earn a [competitive salary](/life-as-a-teacher/pay-and-benefits/teacher-pay), get supported in your professional development and have varied job opportunities.

> You could also consider teaching in other areas of the UK, including:

Reviewer: I found this quite difficult to read - could you consider something like the below? 
```suggestion
To find out about teaching in other areas of the UK, visit the:
```
Then could change the bullets to:

* Educator Wales website
* Teach in Scotland website
* Northern Ireland Department for Education website

* open an account with a digital bank based in the UK – you can do this before you arrive in the UK, and you will not need a UK address to do so
* [find somewhere to live](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/how-to-rent)
* [get a national insurance (NI) number](https://www.gov.uk/national-insurance/your-national-insurance-number)
* [register with a doctor through the NHS](https://www.nhs.uk/nhs-services/gps/how-to-register-with-a-gp-surgery/)
* [find childcare](https://www.gov.uk/get-childcare)
* [learn about tax](https://www.gov.uk/income-tax)

> * learn about [indefinite leave to remain](https://www.gov.uk/indefinite-leave-to-remain)

Reviewer: Should the indefinite leave to remain bullet point be one link so it's consistent with the ones above?

The Department for Education (DfE) does not employ teachers directly. Do not send us your CV, as we will not be able to help you find a teaching job. 

> Do not email to ask when a country or subject will be added. We'll publish [updates about eligibility for the service on the GOV.UK website](https://apply-for-qts-in-england.education.gov.uk/eligibility/start).

Author: ```suggestion
Do not email to ask when a country or subject will be added to [Apply for QTS in England](https://apply-for-qts-in-england.education.gov.uk/eligibility/start). We'll publish [updates about eligibility for the service on the GOV.UK website](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/awarding-qualified-teacher-status-to-overseas-teachers).
```

> Please do not email to ask when a country or subject will be added to [Apply for QTS in England](https://apply-for-qts-in-england.education.gov.uk/eligibility/start). We'll publish updates about eligiblity for the service at [A fairer approach to awarding QTS to overseas teachers](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/awarding-qualified-teacher-status-to-overseas-teachers).

Reviewer 2: Do we need the `Please`?

> Please do not email to ask when a country or subject will be added to [Apply for QTS in England](https://apply-for-qts-in-england.education.gov.uk/eligibility/start). We'll publish updates about eligiblity for the service at [A fairer approach to awarding QTS to overseas teachers](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/awarding-qualified-teacher-status-to-overseas-teachers).

Reviewer 2: Do we have to spell out the name of the page on GOV.UK? Seems a bit odd as it is not a service or website

Could we say `We'll publish <updates about eligibility for the service on the GOV.UK website>` with the bits in brackets as the link?

NB we don't actually link directly to the fairer approach page - it would be better to but I don't know if the URL for this is permanent or whether any updates would have a different URL, so might be safer to stick with the link as is
